API examples (#186)
enhance-dev/enhance.dev: app/docs/md/routing/api-routes/index.md

| `headers`      | `object` | Set response headers as key/value pairs
| `session`      | `object` | Writes passed object to the session

> ## Requesting Data Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Requesting data on the client
```

> ## Requesting Data Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Requesting data on the client
```

> Perhaps you would like to progressively enhances your web component to avoid a full page reload when requesting data from an Enhance backend. Here is an example of using `fetch` in the browser to make that request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web components can be progressively enhanced to avoid full page reloads when requesting data from an Enhance backend. Here is an example of using `fetch` in the browser to make that request.
```

```javascript
const response = await fetch('/', {
  headers: { 'accept': 'application/json' },
  method: 'get'
})

const json = await res.json()
// json: { favorites: ['coffee crisp', 'smarties'] }
```

> ## Sending Data Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sending data on the client
```

> Conversely, you may want to avoid doing a form post to prevent a full page reload in the browser. In order send data to an Enhance back end you must properly set the `Content-Type` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data can also be posted to Enhance backends via the client to avoid full page reloads.

In order to send data to an Enhance back end, you must properly set the `Content-Type` and `accept` headers. The `Content-Type` header informs the API route about the type of data that’s being sent, while the `accept` header instructs the API route as to what type of data to return.
```

> ### JSON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sending JSON data
```

```javascript
const response = await fetch('/', {
  headers: {
    'accept': 'application/json'
    'content-type': 'application/json'
  },
  method: 'post',
  body: JSON.stringify({
    favourite: 'crispy crunch'
  })
})
```

> ### Forms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sending form data
```

> When sending form data you have a couple of options. The first is using `URLSearchParams` to send data using the mime type `application/x-url-form-encoded`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sending form data, you have a couple of options. The first is using [`URLSearchParams`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URLSearchParams) to send data using the content type `application/x-url-form-encoded`.
```

Reviewer: Also, can we explain why someone would want to do this vs sending JSON?

```javascript
const form = document.querySelector('form')
const response = await fetch('/', {
  headers: {
    'accept': 'application/json'
    'content-type': 'application/x-url-form-encoded'
  },
  method: 'post',
  body: new URLSearchParams(new FormData(form))
})
```

> The second is converting your form data to JSON and sending it along as the mime type of `application/json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second option is converting your form data to JSON and sending it along as the content type of `application/json`.
```

Reviewer: May also be worth explaining why someone would choose to send JSON vs the previous option.
